hello with you polina kuznetsova
today I will tell you how
processed bottom of the skirt on the skirts of
drape mostly from grass is from heavy
fabrics for winter
because we wear winter shoes and often
very tidy up the treatment of merlock gadfly
breaks and that's so the skirt slid well
and nervous not torn processed
Miter seam how to do it now
I'll show you for this I took a leak
look at the skirt should be like this
tightly cut it on the oblique thread two with
half a centimeter two and a half
centimeter striped and be sure to
brazenly silky and here we fold our face
with a striped face with the product
we pin the pins about the product
and to the dead
I am good there is no such disk
heavy
it fastens very well looks
as convenient right away
mix fast and easy
now we are flashing by car
stitching something at a distance of 0 from
centimeters from serious
hint hint removed
and now take both from the slanting strip and
funds are edged see we close
cuts our how I beat the barrels see what
beautiful we get
funds closed and dead
so long to be looking to
everything was beautiful
here on metal look on metal here
how do i paint you now seam
attaching we give machine line
flash machine stitch look
we delete the point takes our
the amount that you are as you owe
serve on the front side mark
turn down this line to the dead
and we have together instead of overlock and we
It turned out such a processing edging
oblique strip she not Assol strip on
does not create thickness
but she will have you slide in the footsteps
on boots and never will seize
and be very beautiful and now on
dead where we have a seam was a seam
attaching
further pins
and further we just hem
bend back with secret stitches
our edging and stitching
take and hem
I'll just show you a piece
fasten the filing thread
hold a piece of you from the strings
take a loop opposite
2 3 strings again in the same puncture at 0
Persia forward further take again 2 3
strings
I do not pierce through these same two again
strings take on the needle and forward like this
we will file under you
the finished Christmas tree will look then
iron up